Update Analysis Productions lesson to use the new web app to monitor productions and pipelines. (#272)
lhcb/starterkit-lessons: first-analysis-steps/analysis-productions.md

Running DaVinci locally can be great for testing an options file, but is rarely appropriate for creating the full set of ROOT ntuples needed for an analysis. Historically, people would submit their jobs to the grid: one can send off a large number of DaVinci jobs to be handled by batch computing resources (in certain cases, this is still useful - see the [next lesson](davinci-grid) for how to do this). However, this still has some drawbacks, in particular:

* Large datasets (especially in run 3) would require a long period of monitoring your grid jobs.
* Computing resources can be wasted if multiple analyses are independently producing similar ntuples.

> * Ntuples can be lost, or removed when analysts leave, which can be an issue for [analysis preservation](https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LHCb/AnalysisPreservationReproducibility).

Reviewer: This twiki link is deprecated and any general matter concerning AP&OD should point to DPA's page https://lhcb-dpa.web.cern.ch/lhcb-dpa/wp6/index.html.

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

> * Ntuples can be lost, or removed when analysts leave, which can be an issue for [analysis preservation](https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LHCb/AnalysisPreservationReproducibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ntuples can be lost or removed when analysts leave, which can be an issue for [analysis preservation](https://lhcb-dpa.web.cern.ch/lhcb-dpa/wp6/index.html).
```

```yaml
defaults:

>     application: DaVinci/v45r8

Reviewer 2: Do people think it would be worth it to update the [demo production](https://gitlab.cern.ch/lhcb-datapkg/AnalysisProductions/-/blob/master/D02HH_Starterkit/info.yaml) to use DaVinci v45r8 as well, so that it matches what's shown here?

Author: Yes I suppose so. I'm trying to think if there is a way to update a production without it automatically submitting a new version since it seems a bit wasteful to run jobs that nobody will actually use. But then again it only takes up ~190MB so in the grand scheme of things it's probably fine to just take the tiny loss on storage and not waste time trying to find some trick to avoid it. I guess there is also something to be said for the tuples/logs in storage to match exactly the code version used to produce them even if it's unlikely anybody will ever look at them closely.

Reviewer 3: I would say re-running is worthwhile. It's good a good test to make sure it's working and the resoources involved are negligible.

ALWAYS:Results will be available at https://lhcb-analysis-productions.web.cern.ch/1958388/
```

> You can open that link in your browser to view the status of the test jobs (example [here](https://lhcb-analysis-productions.web.cern.ch/3195170/)). After a few minutes, these should have completed - all being well, you've now succesfully submitted your first production!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open that link in your browser to view the status of the test jobs (example [here](https://lhcb-analysis-productions.web.cern.ch/3195170/)). After a few minutes, these should have completed - all being well, you've now successfully submitted your first production!
```
